# Club Rush at Moorpark College
As a Moopark College Data Science student and a future UC transfer, clubs are a key part of my journey to transferring and leveling up a range of different skills. 

## The clubs I joined
They have a range of different clubs available to join, about 40 or 50 stalls! <insert map later> 
<br><br>
**Art and Mental Health Club**
After I checked out the club options, I met up with my fellow officers at their stall! Anny (president) and Michelle (vice) put in a lot of time into promoting this stall and setting it up. <br><br>
Flashback to a couple weeks ago, I spotted a poster taped up, asking for club officers for the art and mental health club, a new club on campus centered around created a safe space and community for everyone. One of my major themes on my application is going to be community, so I called the number listed and became the last necessary officer for this club to be created! We got the documents in and had pretty lengthy dicsussions in the group chat about the future of this club. At the moment we lack an advisor, but I am sure we will find one soon so we may begin hosting meetings. <br><br>
Some key points of this club:
- discord movie nights!: This reminds me of Girls Who Code a little bit, since they did something similar during my time at SPP/SIP. I have a few movies ready for whenever we decide to host one. Generally, I think movies promoting positive or uplifting themes or are just inspirational would be good given the nature of our club, perhaps Studio Ghibli films, since Ghilbi is also such a heavy influence on the art community as a whole.
- community service hours: 

**Enthusiastic Programmers Club** <br><br>
Also know as the Computer Science Club, this club 


**Latinx Club**
**Circle K International**
**Rotary Club**
